#summary Instructions on getting Mozilla source code and applying our patch to it.

= Introduction =

The bulk of our xulrunner code is not hosted here; it is hosted directly on the Mozilla project's CVS servers. These are basic instructions for downloading the source from Mozilla and applying our patchset.


= Details =

  * Familiarize yourself with the [http://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Build_Documentation Mozilla Build Documentation]

  * Choose a source directory and execute the following command:

{{{
% cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs-mirror.mozilla.org:/cvsroot co -r FIREFOX_2_0_0_4_RELEASE mozilla/client.mk mozilla/xulrunner/config/mozconfig
}}}

  * If doing a universal-binary Mac build, check out one more file:

{{{
% cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs-mirror.mozilla.org:/cvsroot co -r FIREFOX_2_0_0_4_RELEASE mozilla/client.mk mozilla/build/macosx/universal/mozconfig
}}}

  * Set up a .mozconfig file with appropriate options for the system that you're building the code on, per the Mozilla build instructions. Notably, MOZ_CO_PROJECT=xulrunner should appear in your .mozconfig file. Set the MOZCONFIG environment variable to the path to your .mozconfig.

  * Check out the bulk of the Mozilla source code. This may take a while:

{{{
% cd mozilla
% make -f client.mk checkout
}}}

  * That done, go over to the downloads page and download the patch file appropriate for your release tag. Apply it to your mozilla sources as follows:

{{{
% patch < [path_to_downloaded_patch_file]
}}}

That's it! You're now ready to build xulrunner from the same source we use. Refer again to the [http://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Build_Documentation Mozilla Build Documentation] if in doubt at any step of this process.

Future versions of AdWords Editor may use a Mozilla build label more current than FIREFOX_2_0_0_4_RELEASE. Previous build labels will be noted below.

= Old Release Labels =

Nothing here yet!